.TH CLAUDECTL 1 "December 2024" "claudectl 0.3.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
claudectl \- streamlined interface for SkillMeat artifact management
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B claudectl
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIARGS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B claudectl
is a smart wrapper around the skillmeat CLI that provides sensible defaults
for common operations. It automatically detects output format, artifact types,
and project paths.
.PP
When running interactively, claudectl outputs human-readable tables.
When piped, it outputs JSON for easy scripting.
.SH GLOBAL OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show help message and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show version number and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-smart\-defaults
Enable smart defaults mode (automatic when using claudectl wrapper).
.SH COMMANDS
.SS Core Operations
.TP
.B quick\-add \fISPEC\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
Add an artifact to the collection with automatic type detection.
.TP
.B deploy \fINAME\fR... [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
Deploy one or more artifacts to a project's .claude/ directory.
.TP
.B remove \fINAME\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
Remove an artifact from the collection.
.TP
.B undeploy \fINAME\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
Remove a deployed artifact from a project.
.SS Discovery
.TP
.B search \fIQUERY\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
Search for artifacts by name or description.
.TP
.B list [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
List all artifacts in a collection.
.TP
.B status [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
Show deployment status for the current project.
.TP
.B show \fINAME\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
Show detailed information about an artifact.
.SS Synchronization
.TP
.B sync\-check \fINAME\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
Check for upstream changes without applying them.
.TP
.B sync\-pull \fINAME\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
Pull and apply upstream changes.
.TP
.B diff \fINAME\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
Show differences between local and upstream versions.
.SS Management
.TP
.B bundle \fISUBCOMMAND\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
Manage artifact bundles (create, import, inspect).
.TP
.B config \fISUBCOMMAND\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
Manage configuration settings (get, set, list).
.TP
.B collection [\fINAME\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
View or switch active collection.
.TP
.B alias \fISUBCOMMAND\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
Manage claudectl wrapper installation (install, uninstall).
.SH COMMON OPTIONS
Many commands support these options:
.TP
.B \-\-format \fIFORMAT\fR
Output format: \fItable\fR or \fIjson\fR. Auto-detected if not specified.
.TP
.B \-\-force, \-f
Skip confirmation prompts.
.TP
.B \-\-collection, \-c \fINAME\fR
Specify collection (default: active collection).
.TP
.B \-\-type, \-t \fITYPE\fR
Filter by artifact type: \fIskill\fR, \fIcommand\fR, or \fIagent\fR.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
General error.
.TP
.B 2
Invalid usage (bad arguments or flags).
.TP
.B 3
Resource not found (artifact, collection, or project).
.TP
.B 4
Conflict (resource already exists).
.TP
.B 5
Permission denied.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B CLAUDECTL_JSON
If set to 1, force JSON output regardless of terminal type.
.TP
.B CLAUDECTL_MODE
Internal flag set by the claudectl wrapper script.
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Adding Artifacts
.nf
# Add from GitHub (type auto-detected)
claudectl quick-add anthropics/skills/canvas-design

# Add command (detected from name)
claudectl quick-add user/repo/my-cli

# Add with explicit type
claudectl quick-add my-skill --type skill
.fi
.SS Deploying
.nf
# Deploy to current directory
claudectl deploy canvas-design

# Deploy multiple artifacts
claudectl deploy skill1 skill2 skill3

# Deploy to specific project
claudectl deploy my-skill --project /path/to/project
.fi
.SS Scripting with JSON
.nf
# Get artifact list as JSON
claudectl list --format json | jq '.artifacts[].name'

# Check if artifact exists
claudectl show my-skill --format json 2>/dev/null && echo "Found"
.fi
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.local/bin/claudectl
Wrapper script (created by \fBskillmeat alias install\fR).
.TP
.I ~/.skillmeat/
Default collection directory.
.TP
.I .claude/
Project deployment directory.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR skillmeat (1)
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at: https://github.com/skillmeat/skillmeat/issues
.SH AUTHOR
Written by the SkillMeat team.
