# Bugs and Issues

**Date:** November 25, 2025

## Bug List

1. [ ] Artifact modals are different between /manage, /collection, /projects/{ID}
    - The modals for artifacts should be consistent across the entire app. Currently, the modals in /manage and /collection have different tabs and contents, which is confusing for users.
    - The contents of the modals will be different between instance-level artifacts and project-level artifacts, but the overall structure and layout should be the same.
    - It should be very clear to the user when they are viewing or editing an artifact at the instance level vs the project level.
2. [ ] Artifact "Sync with Upstream" has no noticeable function
    - The "Sync with Upstream" button in the artifact modals from /projects/{ID}/manage does kick-off numerous successful API calls/traces.
    - There does not appear to be any function to the underlying artifact after clicking the button. ie if syncing a skill, the skill does not appear to have any updated data or changes.
3. [ ] Accessing Project Entity Management is confusing
    - Currently, a user must press Manage Entities on a Project page to manage those entities.
    - Instead, clicking on a Deployed Artifact on the /projects/{ID} page should open the management modal for that artifact directly. This modal should be identical to all others on the site as noted in Bug 1 above, but with an obvious indicator that the user is managing a project-level artifact.
4. [ ] Instance-level artifacts seem to not be able to be synced.
    - The Sync Status tab in the artifact modal should allow users to sync artifacts up or down-stream, depending on the artifact's level. However, currently these functions do not appear to work for instance-level artifacts.
    - Project-level artifacts can only sync w/ Upstream (which doesn't seem to function per Bug 3 above), but don't allow the user to determine which to keep, etc.
