When I navigate to a /projects/{id} page, I get the Discovery Banner about Projects available to import. However, when I attempt to import, all fail stating they all already exist in Collection. While it is true that they all are in the Collection, only about half are currently attached to that Project in Skillmeat (they just exist locally in the project codebase). The Import function should add to both Project & Collection. If it already exists in one or the other, then it should skip. However, if skipped, it should be represented as such in the Toast and Notifactions - Skipped - rather than Failed. Also, when the Auto-Discovery function finds projects to potentially import, it should scan to determine if they already exist in Project or Collection, and note as such in the import selection form (ie "Already exists in Collection, will only add to Project"). If it exists in both, then it should not be added to the list of discovered imports, and not increment the total number. Thus if all artifacts already exist in both, then there should be NO banner for that Project. Additionally, a User should be able to toggle on the Discovery form to skip future discovery of that artifact, with checkboxes for both Project and Collection. If checked, it should be skipped in future, as-if already exists in both. We should also implement a simple Discovery tab on the Project Detail page, perhaps as a tab in the "Deployed Artifacts" section, which shows all Discovered projects, regardless of status. Users should be able to perform all the same functions here as from the Discovery Banner, except it always being available.